-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to create the IAM policy.
So this IAM policy will external DNS port
to add, remove DNS entries,
which is nothing but record sets in a
hosted zone in AWS route 53 service, okay.
So let's go ahead and then add the IAM policy.
So the IAM policy we are going to put the name as
allow external DNS updates.
So this is the IAM policy which we are going to add
and it's information is nothing but
change resource record sets allow inside hosted zones
for all the hosted zones
and also list hosted zones
and then list resource record sets.
Okay, so now let's go back to our management console
and go to IAM
and we will go to policies
and in policies we'll click on create policy
and we'll go to json tab, remove whatever is there here
and copy our entire json whatever is present here, okay?
So, let me copy this and paste it
and go to visual editor so it'll validate everything.
So these are the actions we have provided in Route 53.
One action related to change resource record sets.
and one more here, two more here.
So Route 53, in actions it is saying that
list hosted zones and then list resource record sets.
So one is a right and then to one list related, okay?
So I'll click on review policy
and provide the name for the same
so which is nothing but allow external DNS updates, okay?
And the next is allow access to Route 53 resources
for external DNS port, okay?
So this is the description.
So I'll create the policy
and we need to make a note of the ARN, okay?
So I'll say allow external DNS updates
and then I'll leave this screen like this,
so that we can leverage this policy ARN
whenever it is required, okay?
So now the next thing is to create IAM role
k8 service account, kubernetes Service account
and associate IAM policy to them, okay?
So as part of this step what we are going to do is
we are going to create a service account IAM role
and then service account in kubernetes
and then IAM role in AWS IAM
and then associate the allow external DNS updates policy,
what we created to the IAM role, okay?
So this is going to be the command
which we are going to execute for the same.
So I'll copy this and I'll go to my visual studio code
I'll save file, new file here.
And so the
Kubernetes service second name is going to be external-DNS.
Inside the cluster EKS demo one, in namespace default, okay?
And policy ARN means like what is the IAM policy
I'm going to associate here.
Let's get that now.
Okay, so this is the one we are going to associate.
So let me remove this and add whatever we want, Okay?
Created, Okay?
So let's go ahead and then create it now.
So let me come back to our terminal
and let me paste it.
So once this is created
we are going to perform the verification steps, Okay?
So the first thing is whether
external DNS account got created.
Kubectl get sa external-dns, okay?
So it, it is going to create a cloud formation stack.
So which will eventually create the IAM role
whatever it is required.
So we are going to verify those things also.
So let the cloud formation stack get created.
So now this got created, so let me say clear
and then kubectl get service account,
which is nothing but SA and whose name is
external-dns, Okay?
So ideally it should get created now.
So if you want we can even say kubectl
describe external describe service account SA
and whose name is external-dns, right?
And if you see in its annotations
you can find the annotation related to our IAM role
whatever it has created automatically.
So this is the role it has created automatically.
EKSCTL EKS demo 1.
This is the role.
So now the next step is to go ahead
and then verify our cloud formation stack, right?
So I'll go here to cloud formation
and mostly the new cloud formation stack created just now
right around 9:31.
So I'll click on that
and if I go inside the resources here, right
so you can see the roll whatever it got created.
So it started with 1QH and then 50 at the end, Okay.
So you can see it here, 1QH and then 50.
So the same role is annotated for the
Kubernetes service account.
So I can click on this
and then get the role information here.
So in the permissions tabs you can see that
whatever the all external DNS updates related policy
we have created,
it got associated with this role.
So now the next thing is
we have verified everything, cloud formation stack
and then we have verified IAM role and then IAM policy.
So let's make a note of this.
IAM role here, so which is nothing but role ARN
and why because in our next step
we are going to use that to update the
external DNS deployment manifest, Okay?
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.